Add Cloud Secrets Store back-ends (#1348)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/component-gallery/secrets-managers/secrets-managers.md

With centralized secrets management, you only need to configure the ZenML server
to access the cloud back-end.

ZenML currently supports configuring the ZenML server to use the following
back-ends as centralized secrets store replacements for secrets managers:

* the SQL database that the ZenML server is using to store other managed objects
such as pipelines, stacks, etc. This is the default option and replaces the
`local` secrets manager flavor.
* AWS Secrets Manager - replaces the `aws` secrets manager flavor.
* GCP Secret Manager - replaces the `gcp` secrets manager flavor.
* Azure Key Vault - replaces the `azure` secrets manager flavor.
* HashiCorp Vault - replaces the `vault` secrets manager flavor.

The centralized secrets store also supports using a custom back-end
implementation.

There is no direct migration path planned for the GitHub secrets manager flavor,

> given that it can only be used inside a GitHub Action workflow and thus is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
given that it can only be used inside a GitHub Actions workflow and thus is not
```

a service that can be used as a centralized secrets store.
If you are using the GitHub secrets manager flavor, you have the option of

> migrating your secrets to one of the other supported secrets store back-ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manually transferring your secrets to one of the other supported secrets store back-ends.
```
'migrating' seems a bit weasly, given that we're telling them that we do not help them with that...
